multiply 13 and by 25 and when
we multiply complex numbers there
remember that basically it's how
multiply real numbers just that
now we have this special number that
you call the imaginary unit then
to perform this operation because
we can use either the property
distributive that is my favorite method or
well we can use the foil method that
well also gives the same answer but
like you have to learn more things and
it's a little more mechanical than any
way then let's do it so much with the
distributive property as with foil
to see what we have left is good
then using the property
distributive what we are going to do is
distribute this 13 and on these 2
humans then we would be 1 minus 3
and not less 3 and multiplied by this 2
by 2
13 and 13 and x this 5 and by 5 and simply
I'm using the property
distributive that says that if we have to
by bmc to others then this is
equal to bird more to c here aa is a
number here also only that it is between
parentheses is one minus three and now
we can distribute this over this one and
this one about this one
for now we distribute on the right
then what would we have left?
in color orange 2 x 1 we are left
all new 2 x minus 3 and we have left
minus 6 and 2 by 13 6 and then more and here
would be 5 and 15 and look here I'm here
you have to take a little care
let me do this operation apart we
there are minus three and minus three and
five and this would give us then to see
minus three times five equals minus 15
minus 15 but
and for iu is equal to square here
I put square however and square
by definition it is equal to minus 1 so
that we would have minus 1 x minus 15 and this
from here is equal to 15 in this way
multiplying these two minus 3 and by 5
and we have more 15 left good because
we have the real parts and the parts
imaginary we have to put together the bones
joining the real ones with the real ones and the
imaginary with the imaginary ones then
you have to put this 2 together with this 15 and
then this minus 6 and with this plus 5 and
have the 2 with the 15 that we have left
2 + 15 equals 17 search 17 in
real part and then for the part
imaginary is minus six and plus five and
if we have minus six of something and you
we add five we have minus one of that
something or be five we subtract six
we have less one left and here the something is
the imaginary unit and then we
it would be less
ok then here we have the answer
using the distributive property
let me solve the problem again
but now using the for method today
efe
i
it's good if he's also going to give us the
answer and it's also going to be correct and
It has the advantage of being a little more
fast but it's also a bit
algorithmic in the sense that you
you have to agree with things and you can
that basically do not understand what you're
doing that why I like more the
distributive property but of all
ways we're going to do it is a method that
It guarantees that we do all the
products we need and how it's done
Well, here goes efe
here goes stop putting the places today
so then the idea is that f comes from
first in English multiply the first
two terms is 1 times 2 then it would be 1
for 2 then on and the outsiders go
the cars 1 for 5 and it would be 1 for 5 and
then go the and the inner or those of
in what would be this 3 and with this 2
they are the ones inside 2 x minus 3 and
so I put 2 for minus 3 and
finally 3
this little bit but good and
l finally go past the
last and minus three and by five and then
I'm going to put it minus three minus - minus
three and five and it was a bit
small but I hope it is understood
Then we will make the products to
see that we have one left for 12 21 for 12 2
I'm going to put it with another color 2 then
would be 1 for five and more 5 and two for
minus three and that would be minus six and
finally minus three and five and that
we had already done it up here, right
we are left with 15 is plus 15 and nothing else
we add reals with real and imaginary
with imaginary this 2 and this 15 are
real this 5 and this minus 6 if they are
imaginary
then we have 2 517 left partly in
real part plus 56 is minus 1 then what
we can put better as less
and again it 's the same answer true
17 less